Rain hammered the slatted wooden roof, making the most terrible racket. The well-sewn thatch seemed to keep out most of the downpour, 
although some drips crept into the dark corners of the hut.

Outside, through the doorless timber frame, rain could be seen splattering against the muddy ground patches of moonlight that broke through the thick clouds above.
An ever-growing pool of water lay just beyond the building’s threshold, inching closer moment by moment. Crates and barrels were stacked high against the walls, 
with little room for anything else, or anyone. In what space there was, hid Driev; crouched down and rooted to the spot. He dare not move, he dare not make a sound. 
Despite the rain lashing down outside, he feared that any noise or movement would alert his hunters. The beasts were vicious and highly-skilled predators. 
If he was caught, he’d be torn apart and feasted upon. Their thick coats protected them from the harsh weather, and their carnivorous mindset meant that, 
despite the conditions, Driev knew they’d still be out there, in the forest, seeking him out. 
The vast wilderness that spread out all around him seemed to be almost swarming with them. 
His only hope was to sneak through and make it to the mountains, where they wouldn’t chase him.

He should move, he should go now under the cover of darkness and rain, the hunters had weak eyes after all. But he was terrified. Up in this little hut, 
atop a lone hill, he was vulnerable, and he knew it, but what if got lost out in the forest? What if he was seen? He could feel the fear rising within him, 
and desperately tried to bring his senses down to a calmer state. A blind panic was the last thing he needed. The hunters were smart, so he had to be smarter. 
Creeping forward, the soaking wet ground sloping beneath him, Driev peered out into the night. Visibility was dire, 
he could only see the ground encompassing the peak of the hilltop and a few branches of trees that were perched on its slopes. But if he couldn’t see, 
then neither could they. Clinging as close as he could to the wall, he snuck around the doorframe and out into the night.

Immediately, he was battered by the cold, brutal rain. He was already drenched, having been fleeing through the forest for much of the night, 
but it made the lashing of water no less pleasant. He dove off, down the slopes and into the woods. So dark was it that most of his movement was lead by touch alone.
He reached out to feel for tree trunks, moving carefully as not to collide with bushes or low-lying shrubbery, nor crunch twigs or nuts laying on the forest floor. 
Driev carried on through the wilderness, slowly, as the unrelenting downpour showed no sign of reprieve. He could feel a weakness building, he was desperate to rest. 
He’d been hunted since dusk, and with dawn only a few hours away, had been moving non-stop for far too long. The gnawing feeling of hunger didn’t make things easier.
But he had to ignore the hunger, ignore the weakness. Fight his urge to falter and trick it into thinking he was strong. 
He didn’t have the energy to waste on such trivialities as worry. Every move through this pitch black forest could be taking him closer to his hunters. 
The predators could be around any corner, any tree trunk, waiting to strike. His eyes were darting in all directions, 
seeking out any tiny piece of light he could find.

The darkness felt so close, so tight.

There was a constant feeling that something was behind him. About to reach and grab, pulling him down into the abyss. Occasionally he would give in to the paranoia, 
only to spin around to more darkness. He wanted to just run. To sprint and hide. But to give into the feeling would just make more noise; an easier target. 
In this nightmare, with all his senses on edge, he had to fight that feeling of adrenaline, 
to avoid his instinct to tear through the trees and escape as fast as possible.
The occasional patch of dim moonlight breaking its way through both trees and cloud felt like sanctuary. He could at least escape the total darkness, 
and gain what he felt was some sort of control. Any sound — a rustle of leaves, a heavy drop of water hitting a leaf the wrong way — would cause him to jump, 
move forward faster or catch his breath. Driev wanted nothing more than to be out and away from here; to feel safe again. Safety though, was a long way off. 
Dawn would bring new challenges. Yes, he would be able to see better, and keep a lookout for his hunters instead of hoping they weren’t mere steps away, 
but they’d also be able to see him better. He’d have to move much more carefully through the trees. He couldn’t just make slow and steady progress like he was now. 
Not that he’d be able to move much faster, even if he wanted.

Soon, he came to the edge of the forest, reaching a clearing. Surrounded by the wilderness was what appeared to be a burial site. Wrought-iron fence, 
some 10 feet high, topped with jagged spikes, encased a small selection of dirt graves, 
marked by stone tablets and the occasional assortment of — now drowned — flowers. A large pair of gates, chained shut but ajar, 
were set along the fences’ edge closest to Driev’s hiding spot. Within the burial site stood four wooden poles, half as high as the fence, 
topped with a large sheet tied to each one of them at the corner. Beneath the shelter was the fire, burning away, protected from the onslaught of rain. 
And, beside that, Driev could make out the shape of a lone hunter. The beast, keeping warm by the fireside, appeared to be fast asleep. 
Laying down, covered in its thick coat, it was hard to make out their size and shape, but Driev could tell it was a hunter. 
Dug into the ground beside it was a hand-craft metallic weapon; its two razor-sharp edges shimmering in the light of the fire. 
The tell-tale sign of a hunter. Rearing up on his hind legs, gripping the soggy bark of the tree in front of him with his sharp, scaled claws, 
Driev tried to get a better look at the vicious predator now sleeping so peacefully by the fire. 
They appeared to be male, adult, with a face covered in dark patches of fur. It was rare for a Lokar to get a good look at one of these hunters for so long. 
Most contact involved either death or fleeing from it. Slowly padding down, silently, onto all fours, Driev faced a choice. 
He could slip on by and into the mountains beyond, their dry, rocky peaks now becoming visible as dawn fast approached, or he could take advantage of this opportunity.

.

.

.

What will he do?
